How the Grinch Stole Christmas by dr.
Seuss every who down in Whoville liked
Christmas a lot but the Grinch who lived
just north of who-ville did not the
Grinch hated Christmas the whole
Christmas season now please don't ask
why no one quite knows the reason it
could be his head wasn't screwed on just
right it could be perhaps that his shoes
were too tight but I think the most
likely reason of all may have been that
his heart was two sizes too small
but whatever the reason his heart or his
shoes he stood there on Christmas Eve
hating the who's staring down from his
cave with a sour Grinchy frown at the
warm lighted windows below in their town
for he knew every who down in who-ville
beneath was busy now hanging a mistletoe
wreath and they're hanging their
stockings he snored with the snare
tomorrow is Christmas it's practically
hair then he growled with his Grinch
fingers nervously drumming I must find
some way to stop Christmas from coming
for tomorrow he knew all the who girls
and boys would wake bright and early
they'd rush for the toys and then all
the noise all the noise noise noise
noise that's one thing he hated the
noise noise noise noise and the who's
young and old would sit down to a feast
and they'd feast and they'd feast and
they'd feast feast feast feast they
would feast on who pudding and rare who
roast beast would was something the
Grinch couldn't stand in the least and
then they did something he'd like least
of all every who down in Whoville the
tall and the small would stand close
together with Christmas bells ringing
they'd stand hand in hand and the hoos
would start singing they'd sing and
they'd sing and they'd sing sing sing
sing and the more the Grinch thought of
this who Christmas thing the more the
Grinch thought I must stop this whole
thing why for 53 years I've put up with
it now I must stop this Christmas from
coming but how then he got an idea
awful idea The Grinch got a wonderful
awful idea I know just what to do the
Grinch laughed in his throat and he made
a quick Santa Claus hat and a coat and
he chuckled and clucked what a great
Grinchy trick with this coat in this hat
I look just like Saint Nick all I need
is a reindeer and the Grinch looked
around but since Randhir scarce there
was none to be found
did that stop the Grinch no the Grinch
simply said if I can't find a reindeer
I'll make one instead so he called his
dog Max then I took some red thread and
it tied a big horn on top of his hat
then he loaded some bags and some old
empty sacks on a ramshackle sleigh and
he hitched up old Max and the Grinch
said get up and the sleigh started down
toward the homes where the whose latest
news in their town all the windows were
dark quite snow filled the air all the
holes were all dreaming sweet dreams
without care when it came to the first
little house on the square this is stop
number one the old Grinchy Claus hissed
and he climbed to the roof empty bags
and asbestos then he slid down the
chimney a rather tight pinch but if
Santa could do it then so could the
Grinch he got stuck only once for a
moment or two then he stuck his head out
of the fireplace flue with a little
stockings oh these stockings he grinned
are the first things to go
then he slithered and slunk with a smile
most unpleasant around the whole room
and he took every present popcorns and
bicycles rollerskates drums
checkerboards tricycles popcorn and
plums and he stuffed them in bags then
the Grinch very nimbly stuffed all the
bags one by one up the chimney then
doctored the icebox say to those feast
they took their old pudding
he took the roast beast they cleaned out
that icebox as quick as a flash where
that wind even took their last candle
away then he stuffed all the food up the
chimney with glee and now grinned the
Grinch I will stuff up the tree and the
Grinch grabbed the tree and he started
to shove when he heard a small sound
like the COO of a dog they turned around
fast and they saw a small hoo
little Sunday little ho-ho us not more
than two the grains had been caught by
this tiny who daughter who got out of
bed for a cup of cold water she stared
at the Grinch and said Santa Claus why
why are you taking our Christmas tree
why but you know that our Grinch was so
smart and so slick he thought up a lie
and he thought it up quick why my sweet
little tart the fake Santa Claus lied
there's a light on this tree that won't
light on one side so I'm taking it home
to my workshop my dear I'll fix it up
there then I'll bring it back here and
his fib fooled the child and he patted
her head and they got her a drink head
he sent her to bed and went sunny woohoo
and to bed with her coffee he went to
the chimney and stuffed the tree up and
the last thing he took was the log for
their fire and he went up the chimney
himself to hold her on her wold he left
nothing but hooks and some wire and the
one speck of food that he left in the
house was a crumb that was even too
small for a mouse then he did the same
thing to the other who's houses leaving
crumbs much too small for the other
who's Maris's it was a quarter past dawn
all the who stole a bed all the who
stole snooze when he packed up his sled
picked it up with her presents the
ribbons the wrappings the tags and the
tinsel all the trimmings the trappings
3,000 feet up up the side of Mount
crumpit he rode with his load to the
tip-top to dump it pooh pooh to the hose
he was graciously humming there finding
out now that no christmas is coming
they're just waking up I know just what
they'll do their mouths will hang up in
a minute or two then who down in
Whoville will all cry boohoo
that's a noise grin the Grinch that I
simply must hear so I paused and the
Grinch put a hand to his ear and he did
hear a sound rising over the snow it
started in low then it started to grow
but the sound was in sad when the sound
sounded berry it couldn't be so but it
was merry very he stared down at
Whoville The Grinch puffed his eyes then
he shook what he saw was a shocking
surprise every who down in Whoville the
tall and small was singing they had any
presents at all
he hadn't stopped Christmas from coming
at Cane somehow or another became just
the same and the Grinch with his Grinch
feet ice-cold in the snow stood puzzling
and puzzling how could it be so it came
without ribbons it came without tags it
came without packages boxes or bags and
he puzzled three hours till his puzzler
was sore
then the Grinch thought of something he
hadn't before maybe Christmas he thought
doesn't come from a store maybe
Christmas perhaps means a little bit
more and whatever then we'll and who
will I say that day and the minute his
heart didn't feel quite so tight he wind
with his load from the bride morning
like he brought back the toys and the
food for the feast and he he himself the
Grinch carved the he carved the they
carved with the food